Fix typos in the draft 01 (#24)
oauthstuff/draft-oauth-par: main.md

The AS MUST process the request as follows:

1. The AS MUST authenticate the client in the same way as at the token endpoint.
2. The AS MUST reject the request if the `request_uri` authorization request parameter is provided.

> 3. The AS MUST validate the request in the same way as at the authorization endpoint. For example, the authorization server checks whether the redirect URI matches one of the redirect URIs configured for the client. It MAY also check whether the client is authorized for the `scope` for which it is requesting access. This validation allows the authorization server to refuse unauthorized or fraudulent requests early.

Reviewer: `client_id` is more specific than just client. Why do you want to change it?

Author: Suppose

- Your social security number is "15 070649 C 103".
- You have cars.

Which sentence below do you think sounds more natural?

- The cars belong to the social security number.
- The cars belong to you.

Conceptually,

- You = Client
- Social Security Number = client_id
- Cars = Request URIs

Both request URIs and `client_id` are attributes of a client. _"One attribute is bound to another attribute"_ sounds a bit weird.

Client IDs are not always primary keys in the client DB table in AS implementations. In addition, some implementations allow clients to have multiple client identifiers.

Reviewer 2: I agree that `client` is the object that everything is associated with, whereas `client_id` is a specific public identifier (perhaps one of several) that identifies the client. Therefore, I think it reads better to have `client` in the text unless you're talking about comparing the `client_id` string precisely.

Reviewer: How is the client supposed to know what client ids belong to the same conceptual client? I'm asking because this governs the redirect URIs it is allowed to use here.

Your arguments are all reasonable but I want to make sure we write a spec that fosters interop.

Reviewer 3: I find 'client' is clearer here; that's the language used in 6749 in general, though some of the other specs (e.g. OpenID Connect) do seem to occasionally use client_id in this way.

With an AS vendor hat on, the current text does imply/outright state that I should explicitly bind the returned request_uri to exactly the client_id that was used to register it, rather than to the overall "client" - which (given the AS I'm currently thinking of technically allows the client_id to be changed via the management interface available to the AS owner) would require at least an extra db column or table to be technically compliant with this clause, and it's not clear that this would provide any gain. (Although it does also feel like that's a bit of an esoteric situation that in reality I probably shouldn't worry about...)

Author: There exists at least one AS implementation that allows a client to have a client ID and an alias of it. This feature is useful when a customer replaces their current AS implementation with a new one but wants to continue to use client IDs that have been assigned by the previous AS implementation.

AS implementations that support such feature will have a `client_id` column and an `alias` column in the definition of the client DB table. It depends on its implementation, but the implementation can allow clients to make authorization requests with either `client_id` or `alias`.

Some implementations may not enable clients to have an alias, but still they may be able to allow clients to change client IDs.

If an AS implementation (1) has 'alias' feature and/or (2) allows clients to change client IDs, the requirement "request URI should be bound to `client_id`" would impose some restrictions on its implementation, but such implementation details should be left to implementers.

Reviewer: I see. Thanks for the explanation. I'm fine with the suggested text since it ensure interop as long as the client uses the same client_id but leaves the door open for vendor/deployment-specific features.

## Successful Response

If the verification is successful, the server MUST generate a request URI and return a JSON response that contains `request_uri` and `expires_in` members at the top level with `201 Created` HTTP response code.

* `request_uri` : The request URI corresponding to the authorization request posted. This URI is used as reference to the respective request data in the subsequent authorization request only. The way the authorization process obtains the authorization request data is at the discretion of the authorization server and out of scope of this specification. There is no need to make the authorization request data available to other parties via this URI.
* `expires_in` : A JSON number that represents the lifetime of the request URI in seconds. The request URI lifetime is at the discretion of the AS.

The `request_uri` value MUST be generated using a cryptographically strong pseudorandom algorithm such that it is computationally infeasible to predict or guess a valid value.

> The `request_uri` MUST be bound to the client that posted the authorization request.

Reviewer: same here, I think `client_id` is more precisely

Clients MUST NOT combine other authorization request parameters with the `request` parameter at the pushed authorization request endpoint other than the `client_id` parameter which may be a part of the client authentication mechanism.

> The following is an example of a request using a signed request object. The client is authenticated using its client secret in Basic Authentication:

Reviewer: "using basic authentication" or "in Basic authorization header"?

Author: "Basic authorization header" sounds strange. Among the two, "using basic authentication" sounds better.

Reviewer: the suggestion @jricher made below sounds right to me

> The following is an example of a request using a signed request object. The client is authenticated using its client secret in Basic Authentication:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an example of a request using a signed request object. The client is authenticated by its client secret using HTTP Basic Authentication [@!RFC7617]:
```

Reviewer 4: due to the supper fun extra encoding rules OAuth uses with HTTP Basic, a reference should probably point to https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1
